chore: deprecate this repo (#278)
dashpay/gitian.sigs: README.md

# gitian.sigs

> DEPRECATED: We no longer use Gitian to produce deterministic binaries, we use Guix instead.
> You can find corresponding signatures [here](https://github.com/dashpay/guix.sigs).

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
DEPRECATED: We no longer use Gitian to produce deterministic binaries; we use [Guix](https://guix.gnu.org/) instead.
You can find corresponding signatures in the [guix.sigs repository](https://github.com/dashpay/guix.sigs).
```

Author: Applied, thanks!
